hi I'm ebony I'm from Atlanta I'm here
to try out some carols daughter hair
products my mom actually introduced me
to Carol slaughter years ago their
creams and lotions and stuff but I've
never tried their hair products I'm
really excited to see what it does for
me as you can tell I have relaxed hair
and I just kind of always thought that
they were natural products for girls
with natural hair so I'm excited to see
what does for me my hair concerns deal
with dryness and like the finest of my
hair I have really like buying hair
strands and find it hard to find a
product that strengthens a strand and
moisturizes it too i know it's deep but
I've research these things and I want
I'm constantly looking out for products
that will do both and sometimes I have
like six things lined up that I have to
end up using to get the job done but I
want something that doesn't let it dry
out too much because then you get split
ends and breakage and you know when your
hair is fine it's just a matter of time
before something like message you up so
yeah I just I'm on the hunt constantly
for good products hi I'm ebony and back
I've tried the shampoo and conditioner
from carol's daughter and i absolutely
love the way this stuff smells like it's
like infused in my hair follicle or
something like it's so rich and I just
feel like I smell good like I don't meet
cologne or perfume or oils or anything
like it really has my hair smelling
really good and it feels good to the
shampoo works up into an amazing lather
I love the bigness of it like I love to
be able to just shampoo with one serving
of one dime sized portion for about 15
minutes like
minutes working it in there when I do it
at home by myself just really good my
hair felt really clean smells amazing
the product the the conditioner you
don't need a whole lot of it I use
probably about a quarter size and set on
the dryer for about 20 minutes and my
hair feels amazing like it feels really
good really healthy moisturized my big
concern as usual moisture moisture
moisture and I love it yeah